what is going on everybody TD presents
here and i'm back with some NBA 2k14 my
team you're doing things a little bit
different in this video I'm going to be
doing my first challenge of next
generation I'm going to be attempting to
score 100 points with Wilt Chamberlain
something he did way back in the day and
if you didn't notice in the beginning of
video I showed you his whole roster he
only had one Center on his team and that
was Kendrick Perkins he played with a
very small lineup and I felt hey now is
a great time to try and attempt this had
no idea I was going to do it until about
a little bit in the first quarter
because you can see right there I'm
scoring with MJ but I decided if he's
only gonna use Perkins and he's going to
use a baka at the center sometimes I can
try and put in this work with Wilt
Chamberlain at the least i'll still
probably get a w so I'm up 95 here
Jordan fines will underneath and it was
about here where I said you know what
I'm gonna give the ball to will every
single play will back and down Serge
Ibaka in the post Chamberlain definitely
way too strong he hits a little hook
shot my opponent takes a timeout now
mayor bitch call him for the post up we
find will he just goes up right away I
also believe he was using the power
forward or the center playing that off
ball defense and it definitely helped
out a lot to now we're running that
pick-and-roll we take a 26-17 lead and
Wilt Chamberlain is going to work but at
this point in the video i am not nearly
on pace to score 100 points that my
opponent starts scoring with jordan it's
a six-point game I'm like maybe I can't
actually do this but I stuck at it you
see will is on fire he makes the layup I
am 15 of 18 from the field that is some
cheese now he's bringing the double-team
but it doesn't matter Wilt Chamberlain
hitting a fade away but now he's really
starting the beef up his defense he's
bringing a double team will misses a
shot but Sam Jones is there for the
offensive rebound we give it right back
to him and he puts that one in and
you're gonna see a few times in this
video sam jones definitely helps us out
you can see here he gets another rebound
after Chamberlin gets blocked we give it
right back to will and he puts it in so
it's about 20 seconds remaining in the
first half will he's going to grab this
rebound we give it to Pistol Pete and I
figured why not reward Sam Jones he
throws up to alley-oop and now we are
starting off the second half you see I
don't even have 50 points but will picks
up Kendrick Perkins fourth foul so
that's going to help us even more he's
gonna have to use Serge Ibaka at the
center he's using Scottie Pippen at the
power forward here Wilt Chamberlain
amazing pass by Pistol Pete we're
starting to pick up the scoring but look
at this he's bringing a triple team and
once again Sam Jones wilt needs to bring
this man out to dinner Chamberlin gets
the layup to go and with a minute and a
half left you see I went scoreless for
about two minutes looking to up and
under though by wilt chamberlain there
was four defenders around them who can
stop this man now off to inbound we find
will again underneath this challenge
would be a lot easier will can make some
jump shots but he definitely wasn't a
jump shooter and his free throws are
definitely tough to figure out in this
game if you don't get an A you're pretty
much guaranteed to miss which is weird
because when will dropped 100 points he
was like 26 of 32 from the free-throw
line and over his career he wasn't that
bad of a free throw shooter either but
for some reason in 2k14 he definitely is
one of the worst free-throw shooters you
can see here I decided to bring the
press Chamberlain's got 42 points in the
second half we get to steal Lou Hudson's
gonna give it back to will but he misses
the jump shot he actually gets blocked
so my opponent comes right back at how
he turns the ball over and we're pushing
up the court Walt Bellamy is gonna find
chamberlain for the slam but we only
have a minute and 11 remaining he
inbounds the ball to Oscar Robertson
Robertson looking the dribble finds
Dandridge up top he's gonna take a quick
three that is exactly what we want first
we're gonna secure that rebound though
now Lou Hudson up top we're gonna give
to cook rich who finds Chamberlain who
throws down the dunk finally he's
throwing it down and not just laying it
in
he wants to score 100 but with 30
seconds remaining I turned the ball over
he takes a quick jump shot with mo
cheeks Chamberlain's already down the
court and we find them underneath he
goes up and he gets two and one that's
exactly what we needed we are about one
or two points away from scoring a
hundred we need this free throw to go
but we miss it we couldn't ask but
Dominique Wilkins is there for the
rebound Chamberlain goes up and he gets
the putback and we complete the
challenge we score a hundred points with
will I actually ended up scoring 103 for
some reason i didn't think i was there
yet but i got a couple extra baskets in
there so hey it is what it is I complete
the challenge of scoring 100 with will
we also get to W in the game to leave a
thumbs up the challenges are back I
won't be doing too many too soon I want
to get to the first seed before I start
them again but once I do that they will
be back for sure I hope you guys enjoyed
this video it definitely was a struggle
thanks for watching I'm TV presents
subscribe if your new piece
you